C01 Team Contract 


Methods of communication:
Our main method of communication will be discord. Other methods of communication include whatsapp, text, and email. 

Communication Response Time: 
We expect a communication response time of 4 hours (to account for delayed response times during possible 3 hour lectures), 
however, we will do our best to ensure response times fall within 2 hours. We expect everyone’s discord notifications to be on.

Running Meetings/ Meeting attendance:
We will hold two 40 minute - 1 hour standups a week, attendance being mandatory. The first will take place Mondays from 5-6pm 
in Bladen Wing (and we will join the class’ discord voice channel as well), however, teammates can also attend the meeting only 
on discord if they can not make it in person. The second will take place Wednesdays from 8-9pm on discord. 

Meeting Preparation: 
Each team member should prepare to explain what they have completed since the last standup, what they aim to complete until the next 
standup, and any blockers they are facing which will be discussed and addressed. 

Additional Meetings: 
There will be a sprint planning meeting (seperate from standups) at the start of each sprint (date, time, location TBD closer to each 
date) to identify what work will be completed this sprint, how work will be split up among team members, and the ETAs of each task. 
No preparation is required and attendance is mandatory.


Version Control: 
Do not commit print statements, console logs, or commented out code in order to keep the codebase clean and easy to read. Commit 
messages should contain a description of the main things done in the commit. Log messages should be descriptive enough to be understood 
and useful to other team members without further explanation. You should self review your pull request (PR) before requesting review 
from others to make sure all unnecessary comments or lines of code where removed and ensure good code quality and cleanliness. A PR 
template has been made which will automatically be added to PRs and we expect it filled out for all PRs. Lastly, all PRs must get at 
least one other team members’ approval before merging. 

Division of work: 
We will divide the work evenly, keeping in mind our strengths and past experiences to ensure we are doing things as efficiently as possible. 
That being said, we will also consider who wants which task since some may want to take on different tasks and learn a variety of new things. 

Contingency planning: 
If there is disagreement about any decisions about the application, we will discuss our different ideas and the reasoning behind them and 
if the disagreement is still not solved, we will put it to a team vote. If a member drops out, we will inform the Professor and TA and proceed 
by splitting up that members remaining work evenly among the remaining team members, while also keeping in mind who is closest to finishing 
their work and can get started on the task earliest. If a team member misses a meeting with valid reasoning we will check in with them at a 
later time to see how their work is going, what they aim to complete by next sprint, and if they have any blockers. If a team member is consistently 
missing meetings, we will have a group discussion and ask them to start attending meetings as it is crucial our team is able to communicate, work 
together, and discuss necessary things. If they still are missing meetings we will talk to our TA and professor and decide on a new course of action. 
If a team member is academically dishonest, we will inform and seek help from the Professor and TA. 


Signatures: 
Alina Buzila,
Andres Prada,
Yuval Kamani, 
Manas Khandelwal, 
Sauhaard Walia, 
Sayed Mojtaba Hosseini

